The Print command is the simplest way to display a message on the screen or other display device. You can display numbers, text, or the results of various operations there.

It consists of two parentheses, in which we put what we want to display.
To display numbers, quotation marks are not needed.
E.g.: Print(60)
To print text, we should use single or double quotation marks. Text in quotes is called a string.
E.g.: Print("Hello World")
If you want to print several strings under each other in a new line, each result should be written separately.
E.g.:
Print("Carrots")
Print("Potatoes")
As you learned earlier, text written in quotes is a string. It is also worth knowing other types of variables, on which the operations performed on them depend.

String - text in quotes, e.g.: "fruits"
Integers - whole numbers, e.g.: 7
The result of operations on integers is integers (the only exception is division).
Float - decimal number, e.g.: 3.0
The result of operations performed on a float is a float.

In Print, we can display the results of various operations.
E.g.: print(2+1)
The basic operations in Python are:
Addition +
Subtraction -
Multiplication *
Division /
Exponentiation **
Floor division // (we determine how many times a given number fits during the operation, and the result is a whole number)
Modulo % (division that returns the remainder of the division)

! Important information: when dividing integers, we recieve a float type variable !


If you want to perform more than one operation, we use parentheses.
A minus sign before a number makes it negative.
E.g.: print(-4 * (20 / 5))
A variable is assigning a value to a name.
E.g.:
fruit = "Apple"
number = 3

A correct variable name may contain letters, numbers, and underscores (_). However, it cannot contain special characters or start the name with a number.
After adding a variable, you can use it to perform operations on them.

E.g.:
X = 1
Y = 2
Print(x)
Print(y)
Print(x+y)
Print(x)
Print(y)

To use some variables entered by the user use the input function.
E.g.:
name = input()
Print("Your name is: " + name)
What you want to display as constant text should be written in quotes. Similarly, you can add text that will be displayed before entering a value (for example, what should be entered).
E.g.: name = input("Enter your name: ")

The input function always returns a string. If you want it to be an integer, use the conversion function int().
E.g.: number = int(input())
To convert to a float, we can use the float() function.
E.g.: height = float(input())

Sometimes you also need to convert a number to text, you can use str().
E.g.: x = 4
Print("The number is " + str(x))